chain3 the television more environment
I really really enjoy cooking
it really is one of the pleasures of the
life I really like I like how
I do like what I do what I do
I feel when people tell me I love you
I love you, I love you.
starting making a lasagna soup and
all the ingredients are the ones
we use when we make a lasagna a
chestnut we already know that it's like a cake
of pizza of low layers of flats
exactly where we always put it
tomato paste rather than tomato
is humanistic meat ground beef
mushrooms skins of linaca not always
it's like this a little bit and now I'm going to make a
lasagna soup
I thought it was a good idea to have a very
fun of the this very funny me
it seems father seems to me different
and I 'm not going to spend, I'm not going to take
a lot in making a tomato sauce already
I went to the supermarket and buy understand that
part of what a lot of people say when I go
to be oil for example here lady and
I'm going to use oil again, I put it in
the little bank to warm up
and I reached my hole already hot in the background
of the song that is falling to the
side edge exactly so that it does not
it hits me that it does not arrive cold
exactly I'm mixing here I'm going to
put a little bit so that my flesh
go taking flavors exactly
sick meat and this buoys is
Chicken pork chicken
You can use the meat you want to hear
lesson count in high cholesterol
I'm really worried not very
worried and that you have to take care manny
diligence that if I never had it
had not long ago that does not make me
analysis I remind you that I told you that
he had told me good analysis and it came out
that I have a high cholesterol because I already
they are controlling it and good is received
shrimp parents with wine no
medium and me the one that I am carnivorous
you vote of the world had felt bad
name I do not feel in a few recent
more ministries and presents scrapped
in Athens not like this did not fall this one of a
infarction due to high cholesterol
enough body from here to fry this
please
hey man made kittens my cats good
the cockpit can already be a
Vaccination to the public loves already a
great favor d
what we give him but I want to tell you
that the other one my mom already stayed with
they
the bold the soruyo the sorullo the
I pack and I will tell you why
why it was too much his love of
your mom is flattered by the triple already
I feel like this and we all already have
maragatos and tell me one thing
the climbing cat that is still there already
the ego sends a street cat like
I remember and asking for your love with you
cat live in love and I sent it to
sterilize that what is important for
grind to grind do not sterilize
burdisso
so that they no longer have more exactly
to see the mushroom cut base to see
whenever we have an ingredient
round we try to put a point of
I support yes even if it is not me
slide then much easier to
slice many many tics ok
how are we going with the meat we are doing very well
many muñoz
I'm already looking good rich perfect there
less mushrooms I love me raw
I like it more than everything because as more
with that comes my girl we are going to add you
at this moment the raw tomato in
brunoise not in medium cubes that
we dictate what you can see without seeds
seed although some like it
much the taste to me it seems to me that in
this house this time we are not
much the seed ok ok
A) Yes
let's go up so much the fire got off a
bit
now that we need more we have
spinach and I forgot the garlic
1 hid with water after
the meat before the tomato but in this
circumstance does not happen absolutely
all the ingredients are being
I'm trying not fit me
many large groups I want me to
are small but natural no no has
been inspiring tote this seems to me
very good idea to have them ready ok
let's
add to destine spinach but the
true until the last one is going to be my
last thing but I want I want to slice
lexical nate as it is very easy
win them several leaves I make them a
taquito
and debate movements
I want to remind you that tomorrow you can
lose the slim natalia section in
the kitchen section in our day and
is the simple peanut that easy
of easy but that's how all the
Young couples are very delicious
well done to day you could not clear
that if you go to the room this time to see
You take my stools a little bit
your knife is tight and you start
see man slide the knife you do not see it
well slide it where is that finger this
finger does not end here nor does it grab
with the nails it is held with the knuckles
that with knuckles like that and so here you
You can wear this you will not wear it
Shredding the size of the cut very well
be in my demanding hand but something so
simple has very expensive duties all in
this world you have to jump
now we are all spinach and
caritas and all now that we need
I go to the supermarket and I bought a sauce for
pasta and I will work text
and there it is
suddenly we are all busy we are
working women and we can not
suddenly make a sauce that bring a
one hour process I go and I cope it because
no I do not do daily amira man and if I
the gas is going very well very well
crave yasmani viscera and I learned to
do that because really public of
truth I see that later on the face they put
that if I do not know if I do not know how to cook
true and it's good that I'm here with
peanuts because I'm learning everything is
clear and we do not have to know
nothing in life everything in life
here are some people who
we know to be able to transmit a
knowledge I did what was mine
blender
and we are going to add
and ready now that we also need
put calcium there is also a broth
vegetables with all the husks the
huesitos which separates and played here
tomato with all that I made a broth of
vegetables that I will add in this
moment
and here rich that does not know the show
access
I need to make the jar
save with the shakhtar or as I now go
to put pasta but I need to
put the pasta we need this to be
boiling has to boil after and
because as if we know pasta if
I put it right now it will not happen
nothing the pasta is going to take more
I need you to break the point
boiling for that I'm going to cover it up for
speed up times and then I'll
put my pasta the spinach we are
stinging ciccone and finally the
mushrooms I want my clint
al dente then that's why first as the
pasta left the pasta is very well reclined
it's worth it with my spinach then my
but I think thinking that in the end I'm going
to put parmesan cheese and basil ok
come on we got the recipe if you want more
I invite you to subscribe to the channel
youtube and so you can have with you
our virtual recipe book when
you need